Add codec section to the event bus guide (#9334)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/reactive-event-bus.adoc

and pull requests should be submitted there:
https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/master/docs/src/main/asciidoc
////
= Quarkus - Using the event bus

include::./attributes.adoc[]

> Quarkus allows different beans to interact using asynchronous events, enforcing loose-coupling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus allows different beans to interact using asynchronous events, this promoting loose-coupling.
```

Reviewer 2: this or thus?

Reviewer: OMG, I should just quit typing altogether...
